here at ICAST 2014 i'm with my good
friend Patrick stabile the most
innovative lure maker out there and he's
got a new one that we're really excited
about I can't wait to try the Sabeel
pivot frog what Patrick tell us about
the pivot rod well you know I'm very shy
but I'm gonna try to explain you a few
things at least you know the French are
very well known for the frogs well
typically treat the frog so I was
thinking I want to change the rule and
the tradition and my goal was to bring
something that really helps you and me
and you
singers took more baths or more fish
eating on plastic frogs basically you
know conventional plastic bugs they come
with double hook and when you try to set
them when the fish grabs this weight the
plastic collapse but not so well not so
much and that's why the W of given if
you have tubes well quite often we're
missing bass that are part of the game I
miss a lot of oh oh yeah I miss a lot I
know and that's why I was thinking if
I'm just coming with one rough organ
market what's the value into that what's
the value for me in my art in my brain
as a designer not really but if I can
find a solution to MOBAs I will be happy
as a designer I will be happy as an
angler and I will be very happy as a
friend because my friend and you as
friends will be able to have more bass
so the result was that the pivot
frog so people frog basically use the
gravity hook system we have already on
the DNS crank that means when the bus or
I never fish you can try that on calicos
I'm pretty sure yeah contrive it I'm
pretty sure you go so well through the
grass
now when the fish grabs it look when he
bites dough goes up the plastic body
collapse and now you have a huge gap
where I'm really hook very very well the
fish now that's a frog that means when
you have to buy don't try to set the
hook immediately on the Frog no matter
the model you have to wait a bit you
know it's not 1 minute
you know few seconds is possible to fill
it all that thing lowdown exactly so
it's loaded then you say dude but there
isn't have been now me and my team about
ten great frog anglers have been fishing
with this bait for about a month
eighty percent eighty percent this is
the ratio of the fish hooked on a true
by I'm not talking the small bite when
it no no I'm talking the red bite when
the fish grabs it grab 80% of the bass
Avenues I'm hooked so try the Sabeel
pivot frog you're gonna hook more fish
on the frog more than you ever have at
least I'm gonna try it because I can't
hook a fish on the frog and save my life
so I think this is gonna help it Patrick
where can everybody see all your great
lures well please visit us on the
facebook on the website we have a new
revamped website that was just done
recently and also when you go on the
Facebook page now every Friday if you
sign and you like the Facebook Sabeel
Facebook page every Friday they look to
win so very cool play with it so what's
what's the AdWords the website seven
calm Sabeel calm there you go check them
out for outstanding customer service
expert advice and an extensive selection
of quality kayak fishing products visit
hook one at kayak fishing gear calm